= Aardwolf color functions (`aardwolf_colors.lua`) =

A lua snippet file that provides functions for handling Aardwolf color codes to any plugin that wants to use them.

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

== What functions does it provide? ==

=== `StylesToColoursOneLine (styles, start_column, end_column)` ===
Converts all or part of a single line of MUSHclient style runs into a string containing Aardwolf color codes, starting at column start_column and ending at column end_column. To convert the entire line use 1 for start_column and some sufficiently high number for end_column like 99999.

=== `ColoursToStyles (text)` ===
The reverse of !StylesToColoursOneLine. This takes a string containing Aardwolf color codes and generates a sequence of MUSHclient style runs.

=== `strip_colours (text)` ===
Takes a string containing Aardwolf color codes and removes all of the color codes from it.

=== `stylesToANSI (styles)` ===
Converts a series of style runs to a string with embedded ansi codes.

== How do I use this in a plugin? ==
If your plugin lives in the plugins folder, put this line somewhere in the main script body of your plugin:
{{{
dofile (GetPluginInfo (GetPluginID(), 20) .. "aardwolf_colors.lua")
}}}
Then use the provided functions as if they were part of your plugin.

== Will this handle xterm 256 colors? ==
Yes it will in all versions after [Versions r397].

== Why do you use both the American and British spellings of "color"? ==
Because screw you, that's why!

== Why dofile instead of the cleaner require? ==

Purely [http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hysterical-reasons.html hysterical raisins].

== Why don't the function names follow a consistent pattern? ==

See the above two answers.