#summary introduction page

= Introduction =

So you've followed the instructions at http://www.aardwolf.com/play/downloadmc.htm and either you downloaded the official quasi-monthly release of the Aardwolf MUSHclient Package, or you've gone to get the latest development snapshot from the [https://code.google.com/p/aardwolfclientpackage/downloads/list Downloads] link above, and now you have a shiny new MUSHclient folder. Congratulations! You're well on your way to an enhanced Aardwolf experience. 

You've heard all about it. Everyone has suggested it. And now you've decided to try it. But maybe you're not used to MUSHclient. Or maybe you're used to an old version of MUSHclient and don't know anything about all of these newfangled plugins that are a part of the package. That's ok, because we're here to help.

This guide should make the transition a little bit easier for those who have either never used MUSHclient before or who are new to this package.

If you think there should be something in this guide that isn't here, or if you think the wording should be changed for clarity, or if you have any other comments for any reason, contact me and let me know! My name is *Fiendish* in the game. I maintain this website and the plugin code for the package, and I want to help you.

Questions, comments, and suggestions about this guide or questions and comments about the Aardwolf MUSHclient Package software *other than bug reports or feature requests* should be sent to me on the in-game personal board by using the commands:
{{{
board personal
note write fiendish
}}}

*Bug reports and feature requests*, no matter how trivial, should be submitted by going to [https://code.google.com/p/aardwolfclientpackage/issues/list Issues page] and filing a New Issue.