= [FeaturedPlugins Featured Plugins] =

== [ASCIImapper ASCII automap] ==
Shows an overhead view of the local area by capturing the game's map output to a miniwindow.

== [GMCPmapper GMCP driven world mapper] ==
A dynamically updated mapper that enables rapid navigation by storing room information in a SQLite database. 

== [ChannelCapture Communication Log window] ==
Captures channels and other bits of information to a floating miniwindow so that you can follow conversations more easily. 

== [ColorCopy Copy output with color codes] ==
Allows you to copy text from the main output with Aardwolf color codes inserted in the right places.

== [GroupMonitor Group monitor window] ==
Displays the status of all of your current group members. 

== [HealthBars Graphical health bars] ==
Displays graphical status bars for Health, Mana, Moves, Experience, Enemy Health, and Alignment.

== [StatMon Stats window] ==
Displays your current stats in a miniwindow.

== [Bigmap Bigmap display] ==
Display a graphical view of the continent bigmap. Optionally merge this display with the GMCP mapper window (this is the default behavior).

== [TickTimer Tick timer] ==
Estimates the time left until the next game tick in the MUSHclient status area. (see 'help tick') 

== [Layout Main output layout control] ==
Sets up the main output as a movable, resizable region instead of filling the whole client. It creates a desktop-like space that automatically adjusts the line wrap column when the main output area is resized. It also allows you to lock down the position and size of cooperative miniwindows.

== [NewConnection New user welcome screen] ==
A welcome message for new users of the Aardwolf MUSHclient Package that provides a very brief introduction to the client. It also connects to Aardwolf automatically when loading MUSHclient.

== [UpdateChecker Automatic update checker] ==
This plugin enables the Aardwolf MUSHclient Package, if you choose, to automatically check for new beta versions from this google code repository every time you launch MUSHclient.