<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= How do I write triggers in MUSHclient? =

Scripting is a complicated subject that has been addressed by documentation for MUSHclient itself. See the following pages for some help on writing triggers:

  * [http://www.mushclient.com/scripts/doc.php?general=triggers MUSHclient documentation: triggers]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/forum/?id=6030 Introduction to scripting]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/forum/?id=8086 Making a simple trigger]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/forum/?id=8411 Making a script to count mobs killed]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/forum/?id=9626 Video showing how to make a trigger]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/scripts/doc.php?general=function_list Scripting function list]
  * [http://www.mushclient.com/scripts/doc.php Complete online documentation for MUSHclient]

= I tried making a trigger but it isn't firing. What did I do wrong? =

In zMUD, if you make a pattern that looks like

<code language="en-US">
This is a pattern
</code>

It will match on 

{{{
HELLO This is a pattern FROM THE FUTURE!!!
}}}

Because zMUD's standard pattern format is sloppy and begins and ends with implicit `"*"`.

MUSHclient works differently. MUSHclient's standard pattern format treats your pattern as if it begins with `"^"` and ends with `"$"`. There is no implicit allowance for extra garbage outside of the pattern. In MUSHclient if you want to catch

{{{
HELLO This is a pattern FROM THE FUTURE
}}} 
and also just
{{{
This is a pattern
}}}
Then you would need to make your pattern something like
{{{
*This is a pattern*
}}}

Or switch to using [http://mushclient.com/scripts/doc.php?general=regexp regular expressions], which are much more expressive (but are similarly trickier to get right).

= How do I make multi-state triggers? =

See this forum post explaining how to translate the zMUD/CMUD multi-state trigger concept into MUSHclient triggers:

http://www.mushclient.com/forum/bbshowpost.php?bbsubject_id=10338

= zMUD lets me add triggers from the input bar. How do I do that in MUSHclient? =

See the guide page on that subject here:

https://code.google.com/p/aardwolfclientpackage/wiki/CommandLineAliasesAndTriggers